Themis: add texts on main, fix typos (#13)
cossacklabs/product-docs: themis/_index.md

_What Themis is and why it's awesome_

## What Themis is

> Themis is a cross-platform high-level cryptographic library for mobile, web and server platforms. Themis solves 90% of typical data protection use cases that are common for most apps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Themis is a cross-platform high-level cryptographic library for mobile, web, and server platforms. Themis solves 90% of typical data protection use cases that are common for most apps. 
```
Oxford comma seems to be the prevailing style in other places of the doc.

> Themis provides ready-made building blocks _(["crypto-systems"](#crypto-systems))_, which simplify usage of core cryptographic security operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Themis provides ready-made building blocks _(["cryptosystems"](#cryptosystems))_ which simplify usage of core cryptographic security operations.
```

I'd spell it “cryptosystem”, as a single word, like we do in `themis/crypto-theory/crypto-systems/_index.md`. Or change it to dashed spelling elsewhere, but the former seems to be more widespread.

Also, I hate to be this pointing out person, but commas: you don't need so many. Restrictive clauses typically are not set off.

{{< hint info >}}
Learn more about [cryptography in Themis](/themis/crypto-theory/).
{{< /hint>}}

## Why Themis

Unlike many other cryptographic libraries, Themis is a high-level, easy-to-use and hard-to-misuse library _(["boring crypto"](https://speakerdeck.com/vixentael/use-cryptography-dont-learn-it))_. 

> Themis is made by cryptographers, but targeted on developers, so it hides cryptographic details under the hood _("secure by design")_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Themis is made by cryptographers, but targets developers, so it hides cryptographic details under the hood _("secure by design")_.
```
Or “is targeted _at_”.

> Themis helps to build both simple and complex cryptographic features easily, quickly and securely. Themis allows developers to focus on the main thing: developing their applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Themis helps to build both simple and complex cryptographic features easily, quickly, and securely. Themis allows developers to focus on the main thing: developing their applications.
```

{{< hint info >}}

> Learn more about [security design ideas behind Themis](/themis/architecture/) and [how team maintains Themis](https://speakerdeck.com/vixentael/maintaining-cryptographic-library-for-12-languages) for last 6 years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about [security design ideas behind Themis](/themis/architecture/) and [how our team maintains Themis](https://speakerdeck.com/vixentael/maintaining-cryptographic-library-for-12-languages) for the last 6 years.
```

{{< /hint>}}

## Use cases that Themis solves

> * **Encrypt stored secrets** in your apps and backend (API keys, session tokens, files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Encrypt stored secrets** in your apps and backend: API keys, session tokens, files.
```

I'd use colons instead of parenthesised expressions in most cases here as they expand the use cases, not merely augment or rephrase them.

* **Encrypt sensitive data fields** before storing in database (_"application-side field-level encryption"_).

* Support **searchable encryption**, data tokenisation (FPE) and data masking using Themis and [Acra](https://www.cossacklabs.com/acra/).

> * Exchange secrets securely (**share sensitive data** between parties, build simple chat app between patients and doctors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Exchange secrets securely: **share sensitive data** between parties, build simple chat app between patients and doctors.
```

> * Build **end-to-end encryption schemes** with centralised or decentralised architecture (encrypt data locally on one app, use it encrypted everywhere, decrypt only for authenticated user).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build **end-to-end encryption schemes** with centralised or decentralised architecture:
  encrypt data locally on one app, use it encrypted everywhere, decrypt only for authenticated user.
```

> * Maintain **real-time secure sessions** (send encrypted messages to control connected devices from your app, receive real-time sensitive data from your apps to your backend).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Maintain **real-time secure sessions**:
  send encrypted messages to control connected devices from your app,
  receive real-time sensitive data from your apps to your backend.
```

* **Compare secrets** between parties without revealing them (zero-knowledge proof-based authentication).

> * **One crypto-library that fits them all**: Themis is a best fit for multi-platform apps (f.e. iOS+Android+Electron app with Node.js backend), because it provides 100% compatible API and works in a same way across all supported platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **One cryptographic library that fits them all**:
  Themis is the best fit for multi-platform apps (e.g., iOS+Android+Electron app with Node.js backend)
  because it provides 100% compatible API and works in the same way across all supported platforms.
```
I feel that “crypto-” reads more like an qualitative adjective, with a slightly inappropriate vibe.
Also, articles, and “e.g.” is used more widely in existing text.

> Themis works in a wide range of projects: power grids, banking apps, telemed apps, documents' exchange platforms, note-taking apps, no-code platforms, remote-debuging platforms, and so on. Themis is recommended by OWASP MSTG to use in mobile apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Themis works in a wide range of projects: power grids, banking apps, telemed apps, documents' exchange platforms, note-taking apps, no-code platforms, remote-debuging platforms, and so on.
[Themis is recommended by OWASP MSTG](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-mstg/blob/master/Document/0x06e-Testing-Cryptography.md#third-party-libraries) to use in mobile apps.
```
Such claims taste better when proven.

{{< hint info >}}
Learn about [projects built using Themis](/themis/community/projects-that-use-themis/) and [regulations](/themis/regulations/) that Themis helps to cover.
{{< /hint>}}

> ## Crypto-systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cryptosystems
```

## What Themis doesn’t solve

1. Themis doesn't provide a low-level/raw cryptographic API for encryption and hashing.

   For example, Themis doesn't provide a way to select a certain cryptographic cipher, or key length, or exact elliptic curve, or hash function (there is no API like `encrypt(cipher: AES, keylenght:256, mode:GCM)`). 

   Instead of thinking about cryptographic parameters, developers take Themis to solve certain functions/requirement of their products. Themis is designed in a way that eliminates typical cryptographic mistakes, and makes development faster, but Themis is not as flexible as OpenSSL.

   For those who understand what they are doing and require certain ciphers, [Themis allows to change default algorithms and build a custom version](/themis/installation/installation-from-sources/#selecting-algorithm-parameters).

2. Themis doesn't have an API for homomorphic or PQ encryption.

> 3. Themis is not designed to run on low-energy hardware, 16-bit microcontrollers and big-endian devices. Themis supports 32-bits/64-bits CPUs, little-endian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Themis is not designed to run on low-power hardware, microcontrollers, etc.
   Themis targets mobile, desktop, and server hardware with x86 and ARM CPUs.
```

I believe that lack of support for 16-bit architectures and big-endian systems is a programming flaw, not a design decision. Though, by using OpenSSL we focus on commodity hardware and non-embedded use cases.
